## Setup

Overview
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/setup-overview

Linux
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/linux

macOS
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/mac

Windows
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/windows

Raspberry Pi
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/raspberry-pi

Network
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/network

Additional Components
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/additional-components

Enterprise
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/enterprise

Uninstall
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/uninstall


## Get Started

Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/getting-started

Intro Videos
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/introvideos

Tips and Tricks
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/tips-and-tricks

User Interface
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/userinterface

Themes
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/themes

Settings
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings

Key Bindings
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/keybindings

Display Language
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/locales

Telemetry
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/telemetry

Educators &amp; Students
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/educators-and-students

User Guide
            					aria-expanded="true

Basic Editing
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/codebasics

Extension Marketplace
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace

IntelliSense
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/intellisense

Code Navigation
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved

Refactoring
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/refactoring" aria-label="Current Page: Refactoring

Debugging
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging

Testing
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/testing

VS Code for the Web
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/vscode-web

Tasks
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/tasks

Profiles
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/profiles

Settings Sync
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/settings-sync

Snippets
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/userdefinedsnippets

Emmet
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/emmet

Command Line Interface
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/command-line

Workspaces
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/workspaces

Workspace Trust
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/workspace-trust

Multi-root Workspaces
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/multi-root-workspaces

Accessibility
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/accessibility

Voice Interactions
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/voice

Custom Layout
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/custom-layout

Port Forwarding
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/port-forwarding


## Source Control

Overview
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/sourcecontrol/overview

Introduction to Git
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/sourcecontrol/intro-to-git

Collaborate on GitHub
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/sourcecontrol/github

FAQ
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/sourcecontrol/faq


## Terminal

Getting Started Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/terminal/getting-started

Terminal Basics
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/terminal/basics

Terminal Profiles
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/terminal/profiles

Shell Integration
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/terminal/shell-integration

Appearance
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/terminal/appearance

Advanced
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/terminal/advanced


## GitHub Copilot

Overview
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/overview

Copilot Cheat Sheet
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/copilot-vscode-features

Setup
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/setup

Quickstart
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/getting-started

Code Completions
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/ai-powered-suggestions

Copilot Chat
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/copilot-chat

Copilot Chat Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/getting-started-chat

Copilot Edits
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/copilot-edits

Best Practices
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/prompt-crafting

Workspace Context
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/workspace-context

Customizing Copilot
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/copilot-customization

Copilot Extensibility
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/copilot-extensibility-overview

Settings Reference
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/copilot-settings

FAQ
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/faq


## Languages

Overview
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/overview

JavaScript
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/javascript

JSON
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/json

HTML
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/html

CSS, SCSS and Less
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/css

TypeScript
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/typescript

Markdown
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown

PowerShell
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/powershell

C++
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/cpp

Java
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/java

PHP
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/php

Python
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/python

Julia
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/julia

R
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/r

Ruby
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/ruby

Rust
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/rust

Go
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/go

T-SQL
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/tsql

C#
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/csharp

.NET
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/dotnet

Polyglot
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/polyglot


## Node.js / JavaScript

Working with JavaScript
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/working-with-javascript

Node.js Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-tutorial

Node.js Debugging
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging

Deploy Node.js Apps
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-deployment

Browser Debugging
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/browser-debugging

Angular Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/angular-tutorial

React Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/reactjs-tutorial

Vue Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/vuejs-tutorial

Debugging Recipes
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/debugging-recipes

Performance Profiling
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/profiling

Extensions
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/extensions


## TypeScript

Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/typescript/typescript-tutorial

Compiling
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/typescript/typescript-compiling

Editing
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/typescript/typescript-editing

Refactoring
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/typescript/typescript-refactoring

Debugging
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/typescript/typescript-debugging


## Python

Quick Start
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/python-quick-start

Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/python-tutorial

Run Python Code
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/run

Editing Code
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/editing

Linting
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/linting

Formatting
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/formatting

Debugging
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/debugging

Environments
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/environments

Testing
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/testing

Python Interactive
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/jupyter-support-py

Django Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/tutorial-django

FastAPI Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/tutorial-fastapi

Flask Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/tutorial-flask

Create containers
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/tutorial-create-containers

Deploy Python Apps
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/python-on-azure

Python in the Web
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/python-web

Settings Reference
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/settings-reference


## Java

Getting Started
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-tutorial

Navigate and Edit
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-editing

Refactoring
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-refactoring

Formatting and Linting
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-linting

Project Management
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-project

Build Tools
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-build

Run and Debug
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-debugging

Testing
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-testing

Spring Boot
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-spring-boot

Application Servers
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-tomcat-jetty

Deploy Java Apps
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-on-azure

GUI Applications
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-gui

Extensions
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/extensions

FAQ
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-faq


## C++

Intro Videos
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/introvideos-cpp

GCC on Linux
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/config-linux

GCC on Windows
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/config-mingw

GCC on Windows Subsystem for Linux
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/config-wsl

Clang on macOS
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/config-clang-mac

Microsoft C++ on Windows
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/config-msvc

Build with CMake
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/build-with-cmake

CMake Tools on Linux
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/cmake-linux

CMake Quick Start
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/cmake-quickstart

Editing and Navigating
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/cpp-ide

Debugging
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/cpp-debug

Refactoring
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/cpp-refactoring

Configure debugging
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/launch-json-reference

Settings
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/customize-default-settings-cpp

Configure IntelliSense
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/configure-intellisense

Configure IntelliSense for cross-compiling
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/configure-intellisense-crosscompilation

FAQ
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/faq-cpp


## C#

Intro Videos
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/introvideos-csharp

Get Started
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/get-started

Navigate and Edit
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/navigate-edit

IntelliCode
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/intellicode

Refactoring
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/refactoring

Formatting and Linting
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/formatting-linting

Project Management
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/project-management

Build Tools
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/build-tools

Package Management
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/package-management

Run and Debug
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/debugging

Testing
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/testing

FAQ
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/csharp/cs-dev-kit-faq


## Docker

Overview
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/overview

Node.js
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/quickstart-node

Python
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/quickstart-python

ASP.NET Core
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/quickstart-aspnet-core

Debug
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/debug-common

Docker Compose
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/docker-compose

Registries
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/quickstart-container-registries

Deploy to Azure
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/app-service

Choose a dev environment
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/choosing-dev-environment

Customize
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/reference

Develop with Kubernetes
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/bridge-to-kubernetes

Tips and Tricks
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/containers/troubleshooting


## Data Science

Overview
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/overview

Jupyter Notebooks
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/jupyter-notebooks

Data Science Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/data-science-tutorial

Python Interactive
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/python-interactive

Data Wrangler Quick Start
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/data-wrangler-quick-start

Data Wrangler
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/data-wrangler

PyTorch Support
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/pytorch-support

Azure Machine Learning
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/azure-machine-learning

Manage Jupyter Kernels
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/jupyter-kernel-management

Jupyter Notebooks on the web
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/notebooks-web


## Azure

Overview
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/azure/overview

Getting Started
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/azure/gettingstarted

Deployment
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/azure/deployment

Docker
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/azure/docker

Azure Kubernetes Service
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/azure/aksextensions

Kubernetes
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/azure/kubernetes

MongoDB
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/azure/mongodb

Remote Debugging for Node.js
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/azure/remote-debugging


## Remote

Overview
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/remote-overview

SSH
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/ssh

Dev Containers
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/dev-containers

Windows Subsystem for Linux
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/wsl

GitHub Codespaces
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/codespaces

VS Code Server
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/vscode-server

Tunnels
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/tunnels

SSH Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/ssh-tutorial

WSL Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/wsl-tutorial

Tips and Tricks
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/troubleshooting

FAQ
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/faq


## Dev Containers

Overview
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers

Tutorial
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/tutorial

Attach to Container
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/attach-container

Create a Dev Container
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/create-dev-container

Advanced Containers
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers-advanced

devcontainer.json
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/devcontainerjson-reference

Dev Container CLI
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/devcontainer-cli

Tips and Tricks
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/tips-and-tricks

FAQ
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/faq
